00:01 Hey everyone, welcome back. If you are listening to me, we are back once again within really exciting Hekaton. The name of the Hekaton is Thierobbs.
00:10 I believe many of you must have participated in Humanity Hekaton in the past. And today you are here again to give it a shot if this can be your turn or not.
00:19 But as usual, I will go, I will take you through the process. How come we are making this happen? Humanity founder is used to organize these Hekaton in order to pick the right person for our team.
00:30 which can fit the vibes, it's not about creating the complete product, it's creating the prototype with the help of AI, making use of right tool, but don't make it see like, feel like AI, try to give it a more natural vibe, but you are all, you are all allowed to make use of AI.
00:45 You can make use of cursor AI tool, if you have never heard of cursor AI, go ahead, search cursor AI, make use of Claude, make use of v0.dev, that is very good for front end development.
00:55 And feel free to leverage any such tool in the hackathon process because we know time is still limited. And it's not pretty much possible to create this product from scratch.
01:03 But with the right mindset, with the right tool, you can make this happen. While one more thing I would like to add on before even jumping on the task, no one is being asked to submit the codes ever.
01:14 And in this hackathon also, you are not supposed to ask or share the codes with anyone. In the code submission, we have clearly restricted.
01:20 We will just request you to submit the demo video. So, make sure demo video is crystal clear because last hackathon will become very much complicated for us.
01:28 So, we were not able to make it that much happen, we have received 100 plus submissions. So, that's where I request you to make sure demo videos properly detailed.
01:36 It should have voiceover because it's always good to clarify what you are trying to showcase on the video. Secondly, you are supposed to share the deployment link and then there will be a telegram group which you will be joining where you can communicate with us and you can ask those things.
01:52 Submission deadline, we have kept Saturday and end of the day, I'm expecting today itself you all will be getting the video and it's used today so you will have most likely Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
02:02 You have four days to complete the task. Before jumping on the task, I would like to showcase the past hackathons which we ran, the most recent one which we are closing now is this one, no, this one, this one, this is different hackathon of faith connect and here we have hired Sujan Bhattar, it was for
02:18 mobile engineer, it went pretty well. Other than this, there was a design hackathon that we had recently, you can check, Kashi's Patel was the winner of this hackathon and it went really great people have been appreciating the process and everything.
02:34 The one which I've been mentioning, it went a bit complicated was this one and here we go. So here we have hired Shahe that this was really complex for our side because we honestly received plenty of submission so this time we have made our changes in our process to make our review process much more 
02:57 stronger, making sure that everyone is getting proper time and team is properly checking all the submissions. 140 messages so you can imagine.
03:08 Amazing one more thing that I would like to add on whenever you are participating in any hackathon. Ideally, we are keeping this topic close for a while, but make sure to maintain the discipline in the hackathon any weird question, any weird question or anything.
03:23 If you are not properly watching this video, spamming questions there will just blacklist you from humanity founder hackathons. We have a proper sheet.
03:30 We'll make sure to filter you out and you can never join humanity founders moving forward. So be careful on that side.
03:35 We are very strict in terms of discipline. And within this loom video itself, I will try to answer everything. I've already answered the code submission process, why so, how you can make use of AI, but I will be jumping on the task and will be helping you get a deeper understanding how come this task
03:49 will look like. Sounds good. I believe I have given you enough clarity about the process. Now I'm jumping on the task, by the way, if someone is making it till end, is not getting shortlisted or getting hired, we are giving that person certificate of appreciation, sometime an special certificate or sometimes
04:06 certificate of participation. that completely depends upon us, how come you are showcasing your energy, if you are hyperactive, then definitely, at least you will be able to get a certificate through this process.
04:15 People have made posts over LinkedIn sharing hackathon submissions. So if you will do some bit of deep research on the LinkedIn, you will be able to get those things.
04:22 Sounds good. I'm jumping on the task. This hackathon is going to be a system for a business. What prototype you are supposed to create?
04:31 I'm just trying to help you understand the problem statement in a better way. So you are supposed to create a platform.
04:36 Let's say if I'm a business and I provide some services then I do not have any specific platform which I can leverage It's specific to my business.
04:44 So I need a platform from where I can manage bookings I can manage my leads. I can manage my inbox It can be connected through my email through sms and then a system which can automatically send forms to my leads to fill and Booking system from where they can make a booking with me some so this is this
05:01 is the very basic theme of this hackathon sounds good two core roles you are supposed to create, first role, it's going to be business owner, second role, it's going to be staff user.
05:13 If I will talk in more detail, then the only single role you are supposed to create as business owner. How is staff user differentiated from business owner?
05:21 Is staff user is something like being a business owner, eyes don't want to do everything from my dashboard. So I can set some permission for my staff member and he can do the same thing that I wanted to do.
05:30 That's it. Now you must be asking, hey, If I'm a business, I have a platform, then how come patient will be communicating with me?
05:36 Patient won't be having any logit. So patient can communicate only with the help of email or maybe booking link. It can came through any external service, any external way, either someone has referred or something, but there will be no specific login dashboard.
05:52 It's just a dashboard on the business side from where they can manage everything. I hope I've given you a very smooth clarity, feel free to watch this video again.
06:00 If you are feeling like, oh, this part, I was not able to understand now. I'm helping you take through the entire funnel How we can make this happen listen to each and every word carefully in this loom video notion document is not that important It is just a reference document making sure that you are
06:17 not getting lost into directions But what I'm speaking in this video is way way way more crucial. So let's let's focus on this thing This is the on voting step Which we have tapped But how come business will be onboarded on the platform?
06:32 If they are creating a system for a business to make everything smoother, then there must be some onboarding step that business must have.
06:39 The first step can be create account, very simple setup, email and sms, setup email. Now what type of setup you will do?
06:46 This is the part which I want you to figure out. This is your competitive part. If you can integrate sms, that's great.
06:53 But I will say maybe that might not be possible because Tulio has some restriction. So whatever is possible in free version, if you are making that happen, wow, I will be like, amazing, you did fantastic job.
07:03 In the email, you can connect with their email. So whatever the email, so being the business, I can connect my email somehow with the platform.
07:10 So whatever email are coming to my email can be shown on the dashboard. I hope you are able to understand me.
07:16 What are create contact form? Create form is the specific place where business will decide. So, this is something which you need to explore, you know, but how come this will be working from patient site because we are creating a dashboard for business and then business will be the person that will be
07:35 deciding the rule for the dashboard. Let's imagine if business is already having a website or he has already created a Google Form or something which he wants to paste link here.
07:44 If this is the form I'm ideally keeping, then they can do that. So, just to give you a good clarity, it form can be something which you have seen on website, it can be contact us or something from where and patient will interact.
07:57 And as soon as I will fill the form, it will see if my lead within the dashboard and then you can imagine sending a welcome message here, welcome to this through the AI system which you will have, it will be completely automated.
08:10 But you need to give it a deeper thought how come this logic will be functional on this place is because it can be through this portal.
08:18 Let's imagine if business is not having his own website, he has never created the form. So how come this part will be functional?
08:25 So I'm letting you decide if you want to integrate Google Forms, or if you wanted to integrate any other third party form, there are various external form services that allows you to create form with the help of EPA and other things.
08:37 So maybe you can ask business to create a form through your UI. And in the back end, you can integrate some external service It can be type form, it can be any day, you can just do bit of research and you will be able to get to the right service that you can keep at that specific place.
08:52 And business can decide the rules of that form, how come this form will gonna look like. Ideally, it's like name, email or if they are looking for additional service, and then you will save that email and then you will be triggering that email once that person will be filling that form.
09:06 But during onboarding, we need to clarify the rules, how come rules will be working for this business. So that's where great form is really crucial.
09:13 4th step can be, I want to decide my availability, how come this booking will happen. Just to make this step clear, bookings means it's not going to be a virtual meeting link.
09:23 Sometimes people misinterpretate, no. This means an in-person booking with that service provider, in-person meeting. So maybe you need to think of how come you want to provide a front end page from where people can book a visit and then it will send a notification to their email, hey you are are supposed
09:39 to reach at this specific address to have a booking. Same way, step five is gonna be set a form. In step three, we have created the initial form from which one patient can interact and that was the primary mode of communication between patient and that business.
09:53 But step five is an automated form that we will be sending after the booking. Let's say if you haven't booking URL of that business and anyone has made booking through that URL.
10:03 But after once the booking has been made, maybe business wants to collect some information about that person. It can be anything.
10:10 Hey, do you have any past medical history? Hey, would you like to upload the respective documents? So those are the rules you need to decide in this document in this set of forms.
10:20 And again, give it some sort of same vibe, a custom form that business can set up and then it can be automatically sent to the person which has made Okay.
10:30 What is inventory? Inventory, if I'm a business, I have scissors, I have gloves, I have I have I have this biobased plastic at my thing.
10:39 So there are so many tools and medicines that are required, you know, to manage them, I need to set up a inventory, you know.
10:45 So if if anything is running out of inventory, then it will automatically send email to that vendor. Maybe I can keep vendor here.
10:51 This is going to be the vendor. I'm just trying to take, if you have very deeper understanding of the product so that you can consider accordingly.
10:58 And this is going to be really crucial things. If you are able to understand the onboarding, then maybe you can easily crush these things.
11:03 Because what the dashboard has, the dashboard has booking overview. There can be separate pages. One page booking overview, second page leads conversion, third page about form, four can be inventory.
11:14 So these are the things which I want to see. That's it. That's it. But let me try to help you understand few things in a much more deeper way.
11:23 When I'm talking about inbox, So it is going to be integration with email and SMS and you need to see how come you are integrating SMS, but you can easily do email.
11:33 Business side is clear, I believe business side is clear. Now let me try imagining this situation from a end user side and I think we did this here.
11:43 Let's say you are a person that wants to visit a clinic. So either you have visited the clinic website and there was a form you were able to get.
11:51 You have filled the form. You have filled your email and everything there. Then what our system will do, our system will identify, hey, there is a lead.
11:59 And then it will be shown on that business dashboard. And it will automatically send message to that lead over email.
12:08 Hey, thank you so much for the booking and automated message. And I think, you know, when people are not getting shortlisted for a job, they are getting a message, hey, unfortunately, we are not able to proceed with.
12:16 So those are automated thing, you know, you know, these things very well. And that's a very simple integration. You can smoothly make this happen.
12:23 Book first. Sometime let's say if people directly jumped on the booking link, so they can book the meeting, then what you can send, then you can send them the form link.
12:31 Hey, this is the intake form. Why don't you fill all that it is? So we can make your in-person booking smooth.
12:36 I believe you must be getting it till this point. It's staff daily flow. So whatever things which we have explained you here, this the same feasibility we want to have staff to.
12:47 Because sometimes business owners are like, hey, I'm so lazy. I have a staff member, why don't this person do everything?
12:52 So you can have a page where you can set an invite for a staff member, and then you can set permissions of that staff member.
12:58 Sounds good. So this is the core thing. I've kept about automation rule. If there is a new contact, you can send a welcome message.
13:05 If booking is created, you can send confirmation. Before booking, you can send a reminder, then pending form. Again, you can send a reminder, if inventory is below threshold, then this is something you can escape as in this submission.
13:17 because I think this is making it complicated, it's simple. And I think one thing is missing here is sending the intake form post booking, post booking.
13:26 Sounds good, inventory alerts. So again, alerts are getting sent, because sometimes I've been subscribed to a vendor, to purchase some tools, medicines, anything.
13:38 And integration can be the same thing. SMS arm giving it feasible to you. Calendar, you can integrate to show bookings on that person If you want to go ahead and integrate Google Calendar, that's an amazing thing.
13:50 Integrate the email, integrate Google Calendar. It's very much easy. You just need to log in over GCP. You just need to create JSON file.
13:56 Ask GPT. It will help you lay down those processes. Making it very smooth. Sounds good. I feel like I've tried giving you a very detailed explanation of the task.
14:09 Some of you must be thinking, hey, this seems like very complicated. Press me, it is not. As soon as you will start writing things on paper, you will start creating segments, try focusing on single thing.
14:22 One more thing that I would like to add on, if competition is not that tough, because task is same for everyone.
14:28 If you are having the right skill set, I believe, which sometime people has, and you will be like, hey, I can easily nail it.
14:34 It's just, I just need to sit, and I feel like I can make this happen. Go ahead. We have kept a really nice package.
14:41 If you are the one, that feels like can make this happen, go ahead, crash it to those. We're in the very initial stages of their journey towards this industry IT sector.
14:52 I suggest you, it's not like you should not give a try. Hey, this seems like a complete project. Bro, no one is giving you this level of task to create a full stack project for your resume.
15:03 Right now, I don't know if you have this level of project and your resume. Even if you are creating this project, why don't you showcase this over your resume?
15:10 Even though if you are getting a chance to interview with someone, you can showcase your experience. Hey, I've been participated in this hackathon and within four days, I've created this much project.
15:21 Imagine, even if in one percent case, if you'd not 1 percent, maybe 40 percent, 50 percent because sometime even high pressure to, they were in the last hackathon, the person we have had that was a complete pressure and but that person has nailed it.
15:36 In the hackathon before that, that person was experienced. He was able to crush things in a much neat and clean manner because he was already having the expertise.
15:44 So if you are having that, let's go ahead, let's make it. Few other things that I would like to highlight, keeping my last hackathon into consideration.
15:53 UI UX is definitely going to be impactful. Don't try to keep fancy forms. You know, it should be something you should avoid.
16:01 Try to keep it neat and clean. The more you will try to make it complex, the more we will avoid watching your submission.
16:07 Don't zoom in everything. These are the very normal feedbacks which we have seen in assignments previously. And I'm trying to give those feedbacks within this meeting itself.
16:16 So maybe you can make a much better submission. Code quality, I will suggest you to follow best coding practices because ultimately it will be helping you understand how come you can create a very nice project.
16:27 Deployment, you are supposed to submit the deployment link. but sometimes when our team is trying, so login is not functional.
16:34 So I will suggest you to make sure that you are properly keeping an eye on your submission. Plus, if you think you have deployed on free server, make sure to show the notification.
16:44 Hey, please wait for five minutes or two minutes. Definitely this will work out. It's just our server went on sleep, so it will take some time.
16:51 Making sure our team is not leaving, saying that hey, this seems like a buggy submission. You know, this is one of the crucial feedback I've given you.
16:57 Make use of right AI tools, whatever you feel like will be helpful in this hackathon, make sure to leverage that.
17:04 Discipline, I have already clarified, I will be very strict towards this thing. Any search, any such actions will lead to just permanent ban from Humanity Founder Hackathons, Blacklisting from Humanity Founder Siring, simple.
17:20 Submission instruction, I believe I have clarified everything. We will be keeping that query topic on hold because we will allow all of you to go through this loom video, making sure you are not missing anything crucial.
17:31 And then maybe after a day or so, we will open query sections. If someone is having any genuine query, then please feel free to answer.
17:38 But I really appreciate the person who has the guts to figure out these things and make it happen. I've already tried to explain the assignment in as simple way as I can.
17:48 There is a business, there is a patient that is coming in through form or either through a booking link, business is having its onboarding, and then they are having a dashboard.
17:57 To those who are listening to this Loom video till here, I am just gonna help you understand one more thing.
18:03 Why don't you integrate some sort of AI onboarding thing into this assignment? This is optional, but maybe. Instead of, wherever we are asking that manual questions, why don't you try to make it more amazing?
18:14 It's like we can turn on our mic, we can speak in a natural way. You can leverage any open source model from hugging phase.
18:19 People have been doing this a lot in previous agathons, But this will just give you a special highlight in all the submissions.
18:27 So this is just a mention which I have made because last person has been hired because of some of these crucial factors because we have received plenty of submissions.
18:37 But in this hackathon, we haven't gave that much time. We are just honestly giving four days around and this seems like we are enough.
18:43 In the last hackathon, I think we have given up to six days. So that was too much and that's where so many submissions we have received.
18:50 But again, that's intentional. We are trying to keep it competitive so that we can have you people understand how come you can outshine in your life across the journey, which you are having.
19:04 Sounds good, I've already mentioned about certification. If you are crushing it till end, if not getting shortlisted, definitely if you made a decent submission, nice one according to instruction, then we will definitely consider the certificate.
19:17 Again, depends upon our fee. And I want to mention about price too, if this hackathon went great, we would like to introduce price in this hackathon, which again depends upon us.
19:28 Ideally, we are having certain rounds in hackathon, round 1 for 3-4 days, then round 2. But again, in this hackathon, we are as of now not planning to have any round, but depends, maybe we can add a round if we are having any round will introduce prices.
19:41 So maybe you will feel respected, you will feel valued. but 90% to 99%, I'm in this direction of not having any additional round and maybe finalizing the winner with the first level of submissions, which you all gonna make.
19:56 Because I feel like this is not that tough assignment to be honest, if you're understanding the depth of the concept, then I feel like it won't take you that much time to code.
20:04 You can easily nail it. So let's make it happen. I've mentioned the closing note. Definitely give it a read. I have written it personally.
20:11 It's a test of your dedication and obsession towards your role, not just how much you know, but how much you are willing to figure out.
20:17 Again, test of skills over resumes. We believe that traditional error is not gonna survive anymore. People are asking to do things, but that is not being used into the real world practices.
20:28 So that's where we are making hiring based on the skillset and how much you are willing to grow. How much you are willing to figure out things by yourself and take accountability.
20:36 Once you are onboarded, you will be working with team of geniuses on some really exciting stuff but before that you got to prove that you are the right fit for the psychotherm.
20:45 Sounds good, that's a wrap for my side, all the very best for the submission, very much excited. Remember the deadline guys, that's very crucial Saturday and of the day.
20:55 Thank you so much, that's a wrap, cheers all the best.